Enable word wrap.

This is a temporary todo list while I try to get my thoughts together. 

If another developer finds this, maybe it will help give you direction on the vision here.

So I've experimented with all sorts of different social media alternatives. I've tried building new social media sites, peer to peer based systems, different social media sites, and more. However, after spending years trying different solutions... one of the only truly successful solutions for these kinds of things have been decentralized platforms that allow self-hosting. Platforms like Wordpress, Ghost, Xenforo, Invision Power Suite, or other systems that allow users to host their own platform using their own hardware. With a rise in significantly more user-friendly hosting platforms like Digital Ocean and beyond, I think that this might be a perfect opportunity to build a truly decentralized open source system that starts as a easy and reliable way to maintain a connection with fans through notification services like email and more... but then grows potentially beyond that into a fully self-hostable social media platform that each creator can host for themselves.

Objective #1

Notification system, starting with email lists... powered by Amazon SES, but potentially supporting anything.

To start, we're going to focus on the main thing that matters the most to a lot of creators. Email lists. We want to set this up so that way it is easy to build an audience that you can contact via email, and also easily get information on their interests so that way you can segment and deliver content to each of them based on their interests.

Youtube should honestly support this... but they don't. If you have one million subscribers, you post a video and MAYBE... MAYBE you'll be able to reach the people in your audience that share that interest... but it isn't guaranteed.

With deep signal and email lists... you can build an audience of people who you know exactly what their interests are, and then you can send them content that is specifically catered to that interest.

Objective #2

Decentralized paid subscriptions, starting with Stripe integration.

One of the more popular and disruptive platforms in terms of commerce is now Stripe. Stripe is making it easier than ever for creators and business owners to build their own off-platform revenue streams, and that is something that I think we can also enable with deep signal.

We should be able to, in theory... create an easy to use integration with Stripe where you can charge for subscriptions.

Objective #3

Content agregation, starting with a centralized blog that has controls over which kind of audience members are notified when new content is posted.

A third of this platform should be focused entirely around notifications. A third of this platform should be focused entirely around subscriptions. The final third of this platform should be focused entirely around content. I want to build a system so that way users can control the kind of content that they send out. Users can control whether they send content to all their followers, followers of only a certain interest, only followers that are paid, etc. By having full control over how creators can interact with their audience, in a way that can be self-hosted... then it won't matter what platform they migrate to, whether it is Rumble... Twitter... or anything else... they can instead focus on building a single self-hosted platform where they can always reach their followers, no matter what.